it was school on YouTube boy Jay
spec fellow easy but I'm doing per day
today for y'all you know saying I'm a
review to Jordan eight-point oh this is
a sneaker number of you today that
really went unnoticed him saying well a
lot where I'm from I don't know how I
was nationwide but I know a lot of
people slept on this shoe
this shoe came out you know I was a
little skeptical myself I know it had
the same you know same same similar look
at the ankle support of the shoe of the
eight when they came out and um like I
was just real skeptical of it you know I
didn't see many people rocking it other
than I saw a few college teams rocket
needs well players on college team
rocket knees so I said you know what I
might have given my shot once i saw nike
started dropping a price so in front of
the shoe right here this is jordan 8
point 0 as you can see right here this
decision number three what's the
opposite shoe has a 2 on it this
material right here it's actually a
synthetic material but if you look at it
as you can see it shining it resembles
like the white patent leather so other
than the straps that of course on the
other owner ACM said we're really thick
cloth material these eggs I don't know
if you can see it they're very thin but
it's made of a synthetic rubber
synthetic rubber field on the strap here
still sends air jordan right there says
air jordan alright not a splash guard
now i actually like this splash guard vs
on the original eight so made of a real
hard plastic but you can tell it's like
a it's like a synthetic and like the
splash paint color witness behind it oh
it's really dope i really dig that and
so on both sides of the shoe on the
inner and the outer in the back you have
a nice boats happy i really like this
pull tab you know cuz your fingernail
police you want and it's actually very
well secure and it's also part of the
inside sockliner of the shoe um i
haven't tried these on all the black and
white ones but I didn't try them on in
store and a lot of y'all may disagree
that have these but this actually is a
much more comfortable shoe
with the black ones you know just have
the same logo on the tummies enjoyed
what I hope the hoop is great it's hard
to see with the lighting in the room so
same strap here pull tab in the back
splash guard with the metallic silver
and flat silver paint same bottom same
hair over right there on the bottom oh
do an old-school review right here for
y'all it's going to be these boys right
here the Georgian 20 the reason I'm
showing you all these is because
everybody has a favorite pair of Jordans
or finger past you now we're going to
exclude the fives the 6 to 7 11 and 13
because everybody you've said all the
people is just had no shoes on I got
even fives the three the fourth you know
the eights you know whatever beside that
what is your favorite jordan shoe this
is mine to join the 20 so we break these
boys out there play when these came out
the moment I saw him said had to get
them of course they came in his bag
right here there's some stitching right
there you can see flap boom the shoe
right here the Jordan 20 Wow then I rock
these right here you know but I keep all
my shoes clean and fresh no dirt stains
on me here baby no this right here is
actually my favorite jordan shoe when I
say favorite I mean favorite now likes
and that's excluding for me because my
favorite Jordan she was actually the
five but aside from those like the fives
the 6 7 8 11 13 this is my favorite
jordan shoe right here and the most
comfortable because of this technology
that they put in the shoe know if y'all
can see it right there but it shows you
to tap the technology they put into the
cushing of the shoe
you know which uh which to me make a
world of difference all right so uh
feeling give some shoutouts real quick
so I can see his getting dog he's in
layton hey I had the person taking the
time in between but uh just give some
shoutouts o people to view the videos
and show love but a few people do watch
my videos I appreciate y'all so we get
some shoutouts to support your local DJ
84 running wolf 1980 check them out dude
as a website you ain't got some high
kicks got a nice collection so make sure
you check out running wolf 1980 also
will give a shout-out hold tight i'm
actually look good looking up a youtube
video to get e i'm saying i'll give a
shout out to uh official 617 say he just
hit me up holiday me give a shout out to
45 streets appreciate you bro a hit man
62 195 m 3333 see appreciate you bro and
got Mike 23 King tuber 21 all those
names are just call a lot of people that
have commented on my videos and for the
people that might necessarily want to
comment but you watched it appreciate
y'all to bet
he was going on you too we should watch
a spec fairly easy coming in Sean once
again what I'm gonna do today would be
if I had to wear a shoe oh that's gonna
be in the bloopers I'm gonna wrap it up
damn hit the camera twice Robles yeah